docs: component doc for ui.grid (#1148)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/ui/docs/creating-layouts/layout-overview.md

## Grid

> The [`grid`](../components/grid.md) component can be used to layout its children in two dimensions with [CSS grid](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Core/CSS_layout/Grids). The `columns` and `rows` props define the layout of the grid. The layout can use the `area` prop to define grid areas for child components to explicitly place components. Alternatively, an implicit layout can be created using `autoColumns`, `autoRows`, and helper functions like `repeat`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`grid`](../components/grid.md) component can be used to layout its children in two dimensions with [CSS grid](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Core/CSS_layout/Grids). The `columns` and `rows` props define the layout of the grid. The layout can use the `area` prop to define grid areas for child components to explicitly place components. Alternatively, an implicit layout can be created using `auto_columns`, `auto_rows`, and helper functions like `repeat`.
```
